We're learning much
more now about the lives
lost in those brutal Hamas
attacks on Israel two weeks ago.
Among them,
23, 23 year old Sheera Ayalon.
She and a friend
were killed by Hamas terrorists
at that Nova music festival.
Sheera, sister Adaa Ayalon
joining us now from Tel Aviv.
Eldar, thank you so much for joining us.
I wish we were just talking
under different circumstances
and let me express
our deepest condolences to you
over your sister's death.
First of all,
what can you tell us about
what happened to her?
SESTERO
Thank you for having me.
Two weeks ago, Sheera
and two of her friends went to their
Nova music festival
and Saturday morning at 7 a.m.,
she recalled my dad telling him there was
a bombing over there,
which
sadly become a regular thing in here.
She told him that she's scared
and she's going to wait for the panic
to come and come home.
But 30 minutes
up there,
she didn't answer her phone anymore.
She was missing for five days.
And after five days,
we got a message from the army that
they recognized her body.
Her body
lay down in the forest for five days.
Apparently literally
surrounded the party.
The been planning that
for a while, apparently.
And they just came inside, started to
automatically shoot everybody over there
stealing the stuff from the bodies.
Nothing.
After they done over there,
they went to the nearest CDs
and people came, just broke
into houses, steal family babies,
kidnap
200 people, 200 people,
killing thousands of people.
And
for the state, while she was missing,
I tried to find some information
and watch the videos in Telegram.
Apparently the Hamas cleared themselves
killing people,
then upload it into romantic dark.
So I watched
all the horrible things that they did
and
we were managed just to locate her phone
the first day we saw it in Gaza.
So if they kidnap her,
but apparently she was murder,
they shoot her in the back at around
8 a.m..
It took to a lot of her friends.
It was driving the party
while I was looking for her
and the stories were the same.
They said that once
the shooting was started
and it was a complete chaos,
they hide in the forest for hours.
They describe it
like they are running
away from the Nazis.
They tried to
call for help
from help from the army and the police,
but nobody came
because that there were hundreds
of tourists
just shooting cars and the streets
so nobody can get
over there to help them.
And apparently there were so many dead
bodies over there that
it took them like they couldn't
get the bodies to the hospital anymore
because all of the hospital were full.
So they bring the bodies
to collect the bodies
and bring them to the near armory,
which is why they it took them six days
to recognize her and bring her through,
to bury her.
And
she, like
she lay in the forest
for six days before we buried her.
So said DA.
Tell us a little bit
about your sister, Shira.
What was she like?
She just started her life.
She was 23.
She just came back from India.
She was very peaceful and kind.
She was about to start university
psychology degree
and she was very gentle
and very, very dedicated.
And she had nothing to do with this war.
Like,
I can even imagine what kind of monster
tends to hit innocent kids.
Not not soldiers,
civilians, innocent civilians.
It just came to party
and to celebrate life.
And we are heartbroken
like we were devastated about her.
She was so delicate and so peaceful and
very nonviolent.
She had nothing to do.
I don't think that she
could have survived the attack.
No way that she could have made it.
So, so awful.
The IDF, as you know,
says more than 200 people are being held
hostage in Gaza right now.
I know your family tracked your sister's
phone there
thinking she was perhaps
one of the hostages.
What was it like for your family
during this awful, awful time?
My parents actually said that
they prefer her to be that
than to get kidnaped because they know
that a terrorist, they abuse
the people that kidnap,
they abuse the dead bodies.
They write the woman over there.
So
they were hoping for her to be dead
on the spot.
And yeah, they shut her from the organs,
so she was dead on the spot.
I guarantee
I had hope that maybe she got kidnaped
and maybe we can create those those pigs
someday.
I don't know that it's time
that they kidnaped the soldier.
It took
us five years to find his location,
but I have hope that at least we can free
those two.
Had kids and a lorry and baby.
Those people don't deserve
and deserve for this.
They're probably in a very bad situation,
like psychologically
and have very bad health situation.
I know that most of them
been held
after they already got shot, so
they're dying there in a cell.
Some videos of the Hamas.
They came
like while I was
when I was looking for her,
I watched hundreds of videos on the mom.
And I think the people that they
they feel
count them little babies in front of them
are very old people.
And most of them were injured,
like very badly injured,
like with wound on their legs
and in the stomach.
So
I really hope that we can free them
as best as we can, because we have
we have.
And I
as a country, we
we have responsible for them like we have
we have responsibility for them
to keep to save them.
Adara, I alone.
Thank you very much
for spending a few moments with us.
Our deepest, deepest condolences
to you
and to your family
and the loss of your loving sister.
And as we say, the finale of Russia.
May her memory be a blessing.